Add cleanup operation in reference to the Urldate field (#9999)
JabRef/jabref: CHANGELOG.md

- We added drag and drop events for field 'Groups' in entry editor panel. [#569](https://github.com/koppor/jabref/issues/569)
- We added support for parsing MathML in the Medline importer. [#4273](https://github.com/JabRef/jabref/issues/4273)
- We added the ability to search for a DOI directly from 'Web Search'. [#9674](https://github.com/JabRef/jabref/issues/9674)

> - We added a cleanup activity that identifies a URL and/or a URL-DATE in the `note` field and moves it/them to the `url` and `urldate` field correspondingly. [koppor#216](https://github.com/koppor/jabref/issues/216)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- We added a cleanup activity that identifies a URL or a last-visited-date in the `note` field and moves it to the `url` and `urldate` field respectively. [koppor#216](https://github.com/koppor/jabref/issues/216)
```
